Beltway Prophecy: How it happened
http://whiteshell.com/beltway-prophecy/

As I accelerated my car down the Gallows Road ramp into
the speeding traffic of the Washington D.C. beltway early
one afternoon in the last months of 1999, a small white
sign written in strange bold letters stared at me from the
side of the road.  

JESUS IS COMING,
the sign said.

I had a strong urge to stop right there in the middle of
70 M.P.H. traffic and take a picture. The sign whizzed by
and I ruminated on the life expectancy of illegally posted
Interstate signage. Would it be there tomorrow? Next week,
when I might be by this way again?

I passed the next exit and the next. Just as the impulse
to get off the beltway and go back was fading from my
mind, another white sign appeared:

PREPARE TO MEET GOD

I swerved to the side of the road. It was a series! I ran
to take the picture. I was returning to my car when a
State patrol car pulled up. The trooper warned me I
shouldn't have stopped unless there was an emergency. I
only considered obedience for a moment. I smiled. I was
on a mission now. I had to go back.

I navigated the infamous I-95 "mixing bowl" twice to turn
around. Somehow I took all the right exits and finally
stopped at the bottom of the Gallows Road exit, where the
first sign still waited. The result is our first font,
BELTWAY PROPHECY IRREGULAR.

Send us e-mail!
prophecy.font@whiteshell.com
